okay guys so this is Joe from year of
linux.com and someone asked me to just
today how to sync their iPhone with with
the with something on Ubuntu now there's
really no easy answer to this first of
all iPod and iTunes are really Mac
things it's a wonder that they work with
Windows for syncing your iPod but yeah
so Banshee though will work for part of
this task banshee music player now I
have my iPod already connected to it let
me check put in the password okay so
alright have my iPod already can I go do
it
I mean okay now it's connected let me
see if it opens yep I always just press
cancel on those and one always still
opens up okay so my ipod touches here
now I can just go ahead and sink entire
library I can sync from recently added
favorites whatever I'm just gonna not do
that though because first of all I have
all the music I wanted on my iPod from
before I started Linux and secondly I
really don't want to disconnect it from
whatever iTunes I was using before which
is actually got enough but so anyway
that's a one way to do it
now another way to do it is pure and
simple use Windows now I don't mean
switch back completely to Windows you
can use Windows in VirtualBox Oh
see now on Mac I've heard it is illegal
to install their software on anything
but a Mac hardware which is to me
ridiculous
but since they do that whatever anyway
Windows does not do that which makes it
perfect client for doing this I have I
had a spare copy of Windows XP laying
around that I haven't used since I got
rid of my old laptop so that's why I'm
using Windows XP
I even have Windows 7 but I thought that
might run a little bit slower so I
already installed iTunes you install it
like you would on a Windows computer and
you just open it up and it will find
your iPod touch now if it doesn't cancel
that if it does not though then you can
always shut it back shut your computer
back or shut this computer it's inside
of your computer really shut the windows
part down okay yeah I still know how to
use the windows but yet go ahead and do
this press it twice and it didn't do
anything so yeah that is one of the
thing I hate about Windows but anyway
you can just shut that down yes and then
you go back to here ose manager now what
is probably wrong is your USB device is
not configured correctly pretty much all
you have to do is click on USB and you
press apple ipod or you press plus then
you can add the
iPod in or anything you have on here you
can add in I already added it but yeah
just click on this add it in and and
able it it works perfectly I don't want
to have two of those connected though so
there you go Apple iPod Inc you'll see
that if it's plugged in if not just add
all your USB devices okay so and then
you reopen it and it will magically work
okay guys so there's no reason not to
switch Linux but if you do you might
want to get an extra copy of Windows XP
laying around if you have an iPhone or
iPod Touch if you have a regular iPod
just use Banshee there's no reason not
to if you want to put more pictures I
believe you can just drag and drop those
sorry if the civil and considerate I
don't often so yeah this is Joe for a
year of Linux signing off